God fucking damn it
Alright man.
Hey, Mr. AI, can you help me out now?
Like this works pretty well. This is pretty consistent
Are you sure we have a good idea mate?
If this doesn't work
I guess is this what there's gonna be like or
Look at it like really like come here. This is how fast it is. But the thing is that you won't be getting feedback
back like this, you won't be seeing it be this slow. It'll go straight to your fine-tuned local AI and that will classify it as important or not.
Yeah, but then we'll be like if we're having a proper conversation like this we'll be able to see like what I said after like 10 minutes of talking. We will remember.
what I said. No, that's the big issue I think that we're... I mean, getting this is all what we're saying is pretty accurate.
Like, read this, like, the company.
Thank you.
What's wrong with you? I'm just annoyed about this thing. Come on, don't be annoyed.
I am due, this pisses me off.
Like look, it's getting that, it's all good.
Like this is fast enough to make the prototype work This can store everything you said that's important especially like
in a normal conversation. Do you reckon they can fully improve though or no? Like actually read it bro, like I swear to god. I have read it. I'll place it over there then.
I just talked to it and like play with it. I still don't know. I don't know. Okay, so Max, where are we going today? Okay, yeah. So we're going to Turkey.
and what are we going to do after that.
I can't believe he spilled the cold coffee everywhere.
I picked up turkey, not turkey.
The thing is if this was running on the servers there would be instant like every word you said would instantly come out which servers if it
OpenAI servers. We had to pay for it, but it would run a lot quicker. I don't even think we need the speed here. The speed is an important user experience. Is it? Really?
They're not gonna see this. Only time this is gonna matter. No, but if it picks up all the details. The only time this is gonna matter is gonna be slow.
to instantly send a SDB-ROT to BT. I'll find out, I'll find out. All projects are on there. Heh heh. Yes.
I think it's getting good enough like this is good enough, right?
Yeah, I don't know like it's
like 10 seconds behind.
I could just like, I don't know, this is like a possibility.
as well. Do you have to call it a little bit to open AI servers or no?
No, it's like just as easy. It's easier. Actually what I've done is much harder like the whole opening. I think doesn't do this live
stream. Like it doesn't do that. It's like you upload an audio file and then it transcribes. Yeah. So basically how I've coded this is it's splitting the recording. It's recording.
splitting the recordings into little pieces and sending them through like constantly. And so that's why it's still sending the recording pieces that it hasn't done yet after we're done talking.
Yeah, there's ways to optimize that
Like we can check in a different way that doesn't use AI to see if there's any like like like this
is not empty you know what I mean? So I can imagine it's an empty audio file like this is good enough this is actually running like now that I'm looking at it it's like
warm like can you stop like what the fuck you come in here you keep walking in circles so i have to go to your house but you always complain about the deck in the end
I always have some reason. No, she's just at home. Like, what am I supposed to do? I'm gonna go by... Sit there. I'm gonna sit in her room and she's talking to...
and people in a meeting, when they walk around in the living room, talking to each other, probably not.
Or we sit in Izzy's room. When Marzé goes room, that would be a good option.
Yeah, like you got everything you just said.
Huh? It got everything you just said.
So look, we can... this is already good enough.
Like look at this we already have a bunch of like Everything we've said in a text file like this is what it looks
look like. And then we just run the AI through this to like, cut a block out. Give it a title, a small description, and then store it with some extra things.
that are AI things that they need to put in there. It could be a good prototype, you know what I mean? Like, it's like a starring thing. That's all we'll get first before we build the website.
You'll just part and then put the website onto it Okay, this is like this is pretty cool. It's it's like sometimes it's only five seconds behind
Like just start talking to me like back and forth like give me something to work with you Hey
I mean shit, my computer isn't even like doing much right now
like it's chilling. Let's look at my system activity monitor. How much of my computer are we using?
Haha, we're barely using any of it, dude We're using like 20% of my computer right now. It's like nothing
You know what gets faster?
It's not using the GPU at all.
So, yeah, we probably could mold these edges a bit more.
Like like it's fucking printing out our entire conversation pretty accurately. That's good. It's just fucking the names off
So, right now, I can pause this and I can run all that through the AI. The only thing that I hope that right now, what I'm going to do to run the test, right?
is it's gonna use this text file and the AI is gonna be constantly looping. Let's see, you don't even care. I do, dude. The AI is tired and pissed.
But yeah, the AI is going to be looking through this and cutting off the last end of the conversation, like the last block of checks to run it through the AI and store it in the database, and then it'll delete it from the file.
So basically everything at the end of the file, the startup file is constantly getting done, everything at the end of the file is getting written. So the file will be empty when everything is done. This, my brain is not there anymore.
So like this this part writes to it Yeah And that goes to the end of the file like it's doing now and the other part chunks the top off the whole force five Lines chunks the five lines off and book disappears
So it's like a race like one keeps adding one keeps deleting. Yeah, and then this everything important goes to the database That's what will happen and I'm almost got that word
working, but not right now. Because I got some weird glitches going on. This is pretty baller already.
And the cool thing about this is that we run it
through another AI, the AI will be able to fix up all that. Like maybe not the names, unless we tell it what the names are.
But the AI will be able to like fix up like a grammar that will error or something Or like if a word is wrong and it knows they should be a different word. It'll just change it to the right word
Do you know what I mean? Yeah. And I can do that. Like, they can determine, like, for example, if the name...
If the name M-E-double-E-S is said in the conversation, make it, if the name M, but we got A, no, probably we couldn't do that.
unless the user would input names of the people they talked to live. Unless he said like gecko i'm talking to me. That could work. Yeah.
I'm fucking tired. Oh come on. I'm pissed. Relax, why are you so pissed about that? Because this echo about only two shifts on the days that I said I was unavailable.
I thought you were going to work one specific day. No, because it's like part time. It's like... I'm coming.
See how it does with some background noise.
Dude, I saw there was an absolute legend playing today Yeah, oh it's an actual piano now. It's not fucked up anymore
black. Byee.

I think you can play the piano.
Love N
Thank you for watching!
Thanks for watching.
Is it ready or anything?
I probably wrote a...
Are you farting? No, what? What? We really gonna play soccer in the morning? Yeah. Now I'm gonna head out soon. Yeah, I know. We love you grandparents, okay?
🎵

Thank you.


Some words Or more
